So now we can talk a little bit about
different kinds of stream types.
We've already seen a few
examples of some streams.
We've seen transform streams with
through2, through2 by default.
Even if you never use the readable side,
even if you never use the writable side,
through2 is always gonna
give you a transform stream.
And concat-stream is always
gonna be a writable stream.
So you can think of readable streams
as being producers of data or sources,
like from where you get data.
They're Like fs.createreadstream is
another example of a readable stream.
Writable streams are sinks of data,
destinations where the data will flow to.
There's a method that we'll get
into called fs.createwritestream.
That's good example of this,
that writes data into a file on disk.
There's also a transform streams.
These are things that sort of
take input and produce output.
Then there's duplex streams
which are more complicated, but
you can think of things like bidirectional
network protocols as duplex streams.
Or you might also think of
them as kinda a telephone.
We'll get a little bit more into what
those look like exactly because those
are kinda the hardest to fully grok.
So here's kind of what each of these
looks like with the pipe method.
So you pipe from a readable stream
into some kind of writable stream.
Transform streams and duplex streams
are both readable and writable.
So they are gonna appear on
either side of this kinda thing.
Writable streams are what you pipe to.
So, inside of the arguments to the pipe
functions is where a writable stream
would go.
With transform streams,
you sort of put them between two streams.
Even if you never hook up the other
end of the stream like either end.
If you have a writable stream,
then you could do that.
And a duplex stream is the oddball.
And this looks like it
would be a loop maybe,
if you're thinking about
how streams that'll work.
But, if you see A.pipeB.pipeA, you're
definitely dealing with a duplex stream.